Well let's continue with our U-V mapping here.
I think the next thing I'd like to work on is this little tunic thing.
So I'm going to tab into edit mode and I'll just hover over the little tunic and press the L key and
that will select all the linked components of that particular piece of the object.
I'm going to press shift H and isolate it and let me just take a look at this.
Let's think about how we'd want to do this.
Well since the belt is going to be a different object or a different texture on the object I should
say.
I think we probably want to go ahead and assign a seam to this edge all the way around.
So I'm going to just press alt and click and then shift alt and click and select that edge all the way
around.
Just want to hit Z to see it.
There we go and I'll press Z to get out of wireframe and I'll then go to Control E. and Mark seem all
right.
So that will break the belt part off from the little tunic thing.
The next thing I want to do is I think I want to break out these pieces here the front and the back.
I'm going to select this edge up here and then I'm going to control click this edge right down here
and that'll select all the edges in between those two.
Actually I think I want to go this way.
I think I'll go this way and then come down around here and then I'll select this hedge and see if I
can control click this edge and that should select that all the way up there.
All right so let's break them piece off control easy mark seam and let's do the same thing for the back.
I'll select this control select this and then I'll have to kind of piecemeal select these edges on around.
OK now let's control e Markstein with that.
Now we've got this piece to think about.
I think it's going to be broken off into two pieces.
Let's go ahead and select this edge on around here and Marcus seem to break out this bottom part control
the mark seems so let's think about this.
Is that going to do what we want.
We're going to break out this bottom we've got a seam all the way around.
We're going to break out these panels the front and the back and we're going to break out the side panels
here and here as well as the belt.
All right.
Let's give it a try.
I'm going to switch from my default screen layout over to the editing.
And here we go.
I'll select everything with the key press you and unwrap OK.
Not too bad actually.
I'm going to switch from conformal to angle Base see if we get any thing better.
Yeah I like Angle baste better because this is more circular but what part is this.
I think this is the belt right here that's giving us a little bit of stretching what we could do is
split the belt out.
We could try giving it a seam actually instead of giving it a seam in the back.
Let's give it a seam in the front where the belt buckle is.
And that belt buckle will help hide the seam.
I'll hit a to select all you and unwrap and we go that opens it up some.
Well let's take a look at it with the texture on it.
I come over here to the viewport shading and select texture and there is our test pattern.
It's not bad.
We've got some stretching down here.
We of course have that seam there and we've got some stretching down here.
So is there anything we can do to alleviate the stretching down here.
Oh no.
How about if we select this visage here and add a seam right down here to just break it apart down here
at the bottom we shouldn't be seeing this seemed too much down here.
So let's do this.
I'm going to hit the A key press you and unwrap
doesn't really help us much.
Look at that.
All right.
How about these edges here let's try this
and work these seams and see if that helps us at all with that pulling.
Well go ahead and test that yeah.
That helped.
Look at that.
So adding a couple of seams down here to break that apart at the bottom really helps smooth out that
stretching here on the front panel.
So I'll do the same thing back here now.
I'll go ahead and select this edge and this edge and control the marks seem.
Now let's try that.
Oh yeah that looks a lot better.
I like that a lot better than the last thing is do I really want to straighten this out.
I could straighten the movies out here in the movie Ed. So that this texture flows more smoothly or
more evenly along that belt.
It would be easier to texture if I were to texture it in Photoshop or GIMP.
If this was straight.
So let's take a look at doing that.
I'm going to press control up arrow to maximize this screen.
Now let's come in here and take a look at this particular piece.
I'm going to go to edge mode right down here.
And I'll select this edge with alt click.
And now you can see I've selected that whole edge along there along the bottom and to straighten this
out to flatten it so it straight I can come down here to Uvas go to this weld a line and you've got
straighten X and align X or Y Either way I'm going to try a line Y and let's see what happens.
Yeah that's what I want to see how it's just made it nice and straight.
Now I'm going to go through and do the same thing for all these others here press alt and click press
w which is that shortcut for the world align menu and press align Y and that'll straighten that one
out.
I'll select the next one alt click w a line y alt click w align Y and just keep going here.
All right so now we've got the horizontal edges straight.
Now let's work on these vertical ones I'll just select each one of these w and this time I'll use a
line X and that will just straighten those up.
All right.
So there they are this main part of the belt here is nice and blue and that's what we want.
Let's take a look at another part of the model in the press.
All it takes to bring everything back.
So we've got that piece done.
Let's take a look at this shoulder piece.
I think I'll need to break it out along here and press alt and click and I think I'm just going to have
to follow this around
the path of the armor here.
So anywhere it meets with the skin of the character or the belt I'm going to go ahead and select an
edge there.
All right so now I have that edge selected all the way around I'll press control me and Mark seam and
let's go take a look at this in the U-V editor come over here and go to the editing screen lay out and
let's see what we can see here.
I'm going to select this I'm going to hover over this and press the L key and then I'm going to change
how I select linked from material back to seam and that we'll just select that piece.
And now I think what I want to do is press shift H and that will hide everything except that one piece
and I'm going to frame it up with the period key on the numpad.
So here it is.
I think what I'm going to do first is just press the key and unwrap and let's just see what we get.
How ugly is it.
Fairly ugly.
There's some stretching up here that I don't like in here isn't too much of a concern for me because
that's going to be near the neck of the character.
You're not going to be able to see that very well.
I think when I'd like to try is splitting off this vertical piece from the rest of the shoulder armor.
I think maybe I can split this piece out completely right here.
I just used Allt select to grab that whole edge and I'll press control me and Mark seam and then maybe
I think I'll select this edge and this and come on around here and then we try and break this out.
I'm not sure that this will work.
It's good to try control easy mark see.
So I'm thinking that I can break this piece out and that won't be too much of a problem because I've
made I think the texture have seams or ridges along this area so I don't think that will be too much
of a problem we'll see.
I'll press the A key to select everything press you and unwrap.
Yeah that breaks it out a little bit better.
Breaks it down into multiple pieces.
And I think that might be the way we have to do it.
Let's go back to our default screen lay out I will press alt h to bring everything back and so far.
Let's go to a viewport shading texture and so far here's what we have.
We've got the shoulder armor the tunic the belt belt buckle the leg and the gauntlet.